DOCS-9806 "Applying an SLA-Based Policy" document edits (#328)
mulesoft/docs-api-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/tutorial-manage-an-api.adoc

= Applying an SLA-Based Policy
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> In this procedure, you configure and apply the Rate Limiting SLA-based policy to an API. You create the following two access SLA tiers that limit the number of app requests, based on the SLA level of the app:

Reviewer: Is this really a proper noun: Rate Limiting SLA?
I performed an internet search but got a variety of versions in MuleSoft docs and one outside of MuleSoft.

Author: Good catch. Fixed!

* A tier that limits requests to three per minute, with no approval required
* A tier that limits requests to five per minute, with API Versions Owner approval required

> When an app attempts to consume the protected API resource, the Rate Limiting SLA-based policy is enforced. Because this policy is client ID-based, app requests must include the expected user name/password. 

Reviewer: Per our style ref., we try to avoid using the slash, except where syntax requires it.
Replace with the most likely of "and" or "or."
GLOBAL

Author: Fixed!

> == Adding the Required RAML Snippet

Reviewer: For some stoopid reason (you didn't hear that from ME), the use of gerunds in titles is frowned upon and we are expected to use imperative:
```suggestion
== Add the Required RAML Snippet
```

Author: Fixed!

> . SLA-based rate limiting requires adding a RAML snippet to your RAML API. In an API instance's list of applied policies, a link to RAML snippets is required for the policy to appear.

Reviewer: Not a step:
```suggestion
SLA-based rate limiting requires adding a RAML snippet to your RAML API. In an API instance list of applied policies, a link to RAML snippets is required for the policy to appear.
```
Avoid possessives.

Author: Fixed!

> . Specify the client ID and secret as query parameters. Add a section called `traits:` at the RAML's root level to define query parameters:

Reviewer: Per our bullet-list and step styles, limit to one fragment or sentence next to the bullet symbol, and follow with a linespace and any additional text. This is to facilitate scanning:
```suggestion
. Specify the client ID and secret as query parameters. 
+
Add a section called `traits:` at the RAML root level to define query parameters:
```
OR...is this really to separate user actions? Then:
```suggestion
. Specify the client ID and secret as query parameters. 
. Add a section called `traits:` at the RAML root level to define query parameters:
```
GLOBALLY avoid possessives.

Author: Fixed!

= Applying an SLA-Based Policy
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

In this procedure, you configure and apply a rate limiting SLA-based policy to an API. You create the following two access SLA tiers that limit the number of app requests, based on the SLA level of the app:

* A tier that limits requests to three per minute, with no approval required
* A tier that limits requests to five per minute, with API Versions Owner approval required

> When an app attempts to consume the protected API resource, the rate limiting SLA-based policy is enforced. Because this policy is client ID-based, app requests must include the expected client ID and secret.

Reviewer 2: Client secret is actually optional in the policy.

> When an app attempts to consume the protected API resource, the rate limiting SLA-based policy is enforced. Because this policy is client ID-based, app requests must include the expected user name and password. 

Reviewer 3: Instead of user name and password, the requests must include the client id and secret. In the example below these are included as query parameters.

Author: I replaced "user name" and "password" with "client ID" and "secret". Also, I added mention that the procedure specifies the credentials as query parameters on line 17.

== Add the Required RAML Snippet

> SLA-based rate limiting requires adding a RAML snippet to your RAML API. In an API instance list of applied policies, a link to RAML snippets is required for the policy to appear.

Reviewer 3: A RAML or OAS Snippets are required when the API is a RAML or OAS Rest API type. We should not only say RAML since we now expanded support to OAS 2 and 3. 
In the list of policies applied, the ones that require changes to the spec, will show an "API Specification snippet" link that includes the snippet for RAML or OAS. 
I find this confusing "a link to RAML snippets is required for the policy to appear". The policy will appear and be enforced regarded of the snippet, the link will appear in those policies that causes changes to the contract.

Reviewer 3: To add to this, this is a policy that changes the API in a way that it will require more parameters to access a resource of the API, in this case the headers with the credentials. The contract should be able to show this information for consumption. The policy will be applied anyway to the API, this step is what allows customers to be aware of the effective contract of the API.

Author: I modified the text to include RAML **or** OAS. Also, I removed the sentence saying that "a RAML snippet link is required for the policy to appear" - it was confusing the message, IMHO.

> . Specify the client ID and secret as query parameters. 

Reviewer 3: This is a suggestion: We should change the example, passing credentials in query parameters is not secure. The default is to send them as headers, unless we want to show how to generate a query parameter trait, we could just copy the provided snippet in the policy. I'm opening this for discussion.

Author: Cool, I created a Jira to capture this work:
https://www.mulesoft.org/jira/browse/DOCS-10083

      client_secret:
        type: string
----

> . Add the `client-id-required` trait to every method that requires these query parameters, for example:

Reviewer: GLOBALLY not nec.:
```suggestion
. Add the `client-id-required` trait to every method that requires these query parameters:
```

Author: Fixed!

    description: Gets a list of JSONPlaceholder users.
----

> == Adding the SLA Tier

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Add the SLA Tier
```

Reviewer: How about a transitions sentence that provides a workflow context, something like "After you complete that, do this" or "Before you can do that, do this"?

Author: Fixed!

> . Select an API instance in the API dashboard (API Manager > *API Administration*).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. From API Manager, navigate to  *API Administration* and select an API instance.
```

Author: Fixed!

> . The API must support resource-level policies: verify that the API's *Type* is either RAML/OAS or HTTP.

Reviewer: Limit steps to the action, not the reason:
```suggestion
. Verify that the API *Type* is either RAML/OAS or HTTP.
```

Author: Fixed!

> . Click *SLA Tiers*, and then select *Add SLA Tier*. Specify a limit on the tier as follows:

Reviewer: This looks like potentially three user actions, so I would avoid making it one. Maybe this:
```suggestion
. Click *SLA Tiers > Add SLA Tier*. 
. Specify a limit on the tier:
```
OR
```suggestion
. Click *SLA Tiers*.
. Select *Add SLA Tier* and specify a limit on the tier:
```

Author: Fixed!

** Time Period: 1
** Time Unit: Minute
+

> . Click *Add SLA Tier* again, and specify another limit on the tier as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Add SLA Tier* again and specify another limit on the tier:
```

Author: Fixed!

** Time Period: 1
** Time Unit: Minute

> == Applying the Policy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Apply the Policy
```
Is there an intro/container topic that mentions all of these subtasks, setting the audience expectation for the topic set?

Reviewer: Consider a transition sentence.

Author: Cool, I added transition sentences. For the intro topic, I'm thinking the opening sentence fulfills this purpose?

. Select *Policies*.
+

> . Click *Apply New Policy*, select *Rate Limiting - SLA-based*, then click *Configure Policy*.

Reviewer: Consider making this more than one step.
In any case, avoid using ", then" as a conjunction:
```suggestion
. Click *Apply New Policy*, select *Rate Limiting - SLA-based*, and then click *Configure Policy*.
```

Author: Fixed!

. In *Limits*, set the number of requests, time period, and units of measurement.

> . Configure the policy on the API's `/users` resource:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Configure the policy on the API `/users` resource:
```

Author: Fixed!

* In *Method & Resource Conditions*, select *Apply Configurations to Specific Methods & Resources*.
* Under *Methods*, select GET.
* Under *URI Template Regex*, enter `/users` to apply rate limiting only to the `/users` resource, or enter `.*` to apply rate limiting to every resource URI of the API.

> * Mule 4 use: Configure header propagation for token enforcement and rate limiting policies by checking the *Expose Headers* checkbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If your environment uses Mule 4, configure header propagation for token enforcement and rate limiting policies by checking the *Expose Headers* checkbox.
```

Author: Fixed!

** Time Period: 1
** Time Unit: Minute

== Apply the Policy

After adding the SLA tier, the policy can now be applied to the API.

. Select *Policies*.
. Click *Apply New Policy* and select *Rate limiting - SLA-based*.
. Click *Configure Policy*.

> . In *Limits*, set the number of requests, time period, and units of measurement.

Reviewer 2: If this is a doc for RL SLA, then you won't see the Limits when configuring the policy.

. Configure the policy on the API `/users` resource:
* In *Method & Resource Conditions*, select *Apply Configurations to Specific Methods & Resources*.
* Under *Methods*, select GET.
* Under *URI Template Regex*, enter `/users` to apply rate limiting only to the `/users` resource, or enter `.*` to apply rate limiting to every resource URI of the API.

> * If your environment uses Mule 4, configure header propagation for token enforcement and rate limiting policies by checking the *Expose Headers* checkbox.

Reviewer 3: I don't see the entire doc, do we explain why?

Author: I was going to add a link to [where this is answered](https://docs.mulesoft.com/api-manager/2.x/rate-limiting), but the link is already there, at the bottom of this document. :)

> * If your environment uses Mule 4, configure header propagation for token enforcement and rate limiting policies by checking the *Expose Headers* checkbox.

Reviewer 2: The expose header section is for exposing the Rate Limiting headers, it has nothing to do with token enforcement.

Reviewer 3: I think I commented this one but missed to check the change, @chris-campbell9  in this case it should be "configure header propagation for exposing the rate limiting headers .. " and I shared with you the link where these headers are explained.
